Release branch 3.1.0 (#9461)
pylint-dev/pylint: doc/whatsnew/3/3.1/index.rst

> Summary -- Release highlights

Reviewer: I think the date just above this line is okay to update now, too? 🤔

Author: Hurg, right 🤦

=============================

Two new checks--``use-yield-from``, ``deprecated-attribute``--
and a smattering of bug fixes.

.. towncrier release notes start

What's new in Pylint 3.1.0?
---------------------------

> Release date: 2024-02-24

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Release date: 2024-02-25
```

Summary -- Release highlights
=============================

> In 3.1.0 we added a new default message ``use-yield-from``,
> a ``deprecated-attribute`` message among other bug fixes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Two new checks--``use-yield-from``, ``deprecated-attribute``--
and a smattering of bug fixes.
```

.. towncrier release notes start

What's new in Pylint 3.1.0?
---------------------------
Release date: 2024-02-24

New Features
------------

- Skip ``consider-using-join`` check for non-empty separators if an ``suggest-join-with-non-empty-separator`` option is set to ``no``.

  Closes #8701 (`#8701 <https://github.com/pylint-dev/pylint/issues/8701>`_)

- Discover ``.pyi`` files when linting.

  These can be ignored with the ``ignore-patterns`` setting.

  Closes #9097 (`#9097 <https://github.com/pylint-dev/pylint/issues/9097>`_)

- Check ``TypeAlias`` and ``TypeVar`` (PEP 695) nodes for ``invalid-name``.

  Refs #9196 (`#9196 <https://github.com/pylint-dev/pylint/issues/9196>`_)

- Support for resolving external toml files named pylintrc.toml and .pylintrc.toml.

  Closes #9228 (`#9228 <https://github.com/pylint-dev/pylint/issues/9228>`_)

- New message `use-yield-from` added to the refactoring checker. This message is emitted when yielding from a loop can be replaced by `yield from`.

>   Closes #9229. (`#9229 <https://github.com/pylint-dev/pylint/issues/9229>`_)

Reviewer: Let's move this under new checks.
